--- 
# required metadata 
 
title: Configure depreciation profile and posting profile for additional depreciation
description: In Japan, additional depreciation is allowed under certain conditions. It is treated as extraordinary depreciation. Use this procedure to learn how to configure a depreciation profile and posting profile for additional depreciation.In order to complete this procedure, the Fixed Assets configuration key must be selected.This procedure uses the JPMF demo data company. 
author: TonyaFehr 
manager: AnnBe 
ms.date: 11/11/2016
ms.topic: business-process 
ms.prod:  
ms.service: dynamics-ax-applications 
ms.technology:  
 
# optional metadata 
 
# ms.search.form:   
audience: Application User 
# ms.devlang:  
# ms.reviewer: tfehr 
ms.search.scope: Operations 
# ms.tgt_pltfrm:  
# ms.custom:  
ms.search.region: Japan
# ms.search.industry: 
ms.author: tfehr 
ms.search.validFrom: 2016-06-30 
ms.dyn365.ops.version: Version 7.0.0 
---

# Configure depreciation profile and posting profile for additional depreciation

In Japan, additional depreciation is allowed under certain conditions. It is treated as extraordinary depreciation. 

Use this procedure to learn how to configure a depreciation profile and posting profile for additional depreciation.

In order to complete this procedure, the Fixed Assets configuration key must be selected.

This procedure uses the JPMF demo data company.


## Create a depreciation profile
1. Go to Fixed assets > Setup > Depreciation profiles.
2. Click New.
3. In the Depreciation profile field, type a value.
4. In the Name field, type a value.
5. In the Method field, select 'Additional depreciation'.
6. In the Apply number of periods field, enter a number.
7. In the Additional depreciation rate field, enter a number.
    * Example: Enter 0.3 as 30% of ordinary depreciation.
8. Click Save.

## Configure ledger accounts for extraordinary depreciation transactions in a fixed asset posting profile
1. Go to Fixed assets > Setup > Fixed asset posting profiles.
2. Use the Quick Filter to find records. For example, filter on the Posting profile field with a value of 'Posting'.
3. Click Edit.
4. In the Transaction type field, select 'Extraordinary depreciation'.
    * The Additional depreciation is posted as extraordinary depreciation.
    * Optional: Configure the Main account and Offset account.
    * For more information, refer to the Help content about depreciation profiles.

