---
title: Maintain planned orders
description: This article provides information about how to manage planned orders. It describes how you can update the status of planned orders, firm them, and filter for planned orders that have the same status as a selected planned order.
author: YuyuScheller
manager: AnnBe
ms.date: 04/04/2017
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: 
ms.service: dynamics-ax-applications
ms.technology: 
ms.search.form: ReqTransPo
audience: Application User
ms.reviewer: YuyuScheller
ms.search.scope: AX 7.0.0, Operations, Core
ms.custom: 19151
ms.assetid: 54123f4c-b4ca-4ce4-9358-b067aa04c968
ms.search.region: Global
ms.search.industry: Manufacturing
ms.author: roxanad
ms.search.validFrom: 2016-02-28
ms.dyn365.ops.version: AX 7.0.0
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 9ccbe5815ebb54e00265e130be9c82491aebabce
ms.openlocfilehash: c01a192e637bfe74a60370290db72c439faf40d0
ms.contentlocale: de-de
ms.lasthandoff: 03/30/2017


---

# <a name="maintain-planned-orders"></a>Maintain planned orders

[!include[banner](../includes/banner.md)]


This article provides information about how to manage planned orders. It describes how you can update the status of planned orders, firm them, and filter for planned orders that have the same status as a selected planned order.

You can manage planned orders from the **Master planning** workspace, the **Planned order** list, or the **Planned production orders**, **Planned purchase orders**, and **Planned transfer** lists. You can use the **Status** field to help track your progress. The following values are used:

-   When master planning generates planned orders, the planned orders have a status of **Unprocessed**.
-   If you decide not to firm a planned order, you can give it a status of **Completed**.
-   When you decide to firm a planned order, you can give it a status of **Approved**. This status indicates that you approve firming of the planned order, but it isn't firmed yet.

**Note:** An approved planned order is transferred, in its current state, to the next master planning calculation. You can firm planned orders by clicking **Firm**. You can firm the following planned orders:

-   The planned order that is selected.
-   Multiple planned orders.
-   Planned orders that are generated by an explosion from the **Explosion** page. Click **Planned orders**, select the planned order, and then click **Firm**.

When a planned order is firmed, it's moved to the orders section of the relevant module. **Note:** You can right-click a planned order that has a particular status and filter for other planned orders that have the same status. This functionality is useful if, for example, you want to filter for all planned orders that have a status of **Approved**, so that you can then firm them.

<a name="see-also"></a>See also
--------

[Master plans](master-plans.md)




