---
# required metadata

title: Close Accounts receivable | Microsoft Docs
description: 
author: annbe
manager: AnnBe
ms.date: 2016-03-07 20:15:14
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: 
ms.service: Dynamics365Operations
ms.technology: 

# optional metadata

# keywords: 
# ROBOTS: 
audience: Application User
# ms.devlang: 
ms.reviewer: 101
ms.suite: Released- Dynamics AX 7.0.0
# ms.tgt_pltfrm: 
ms.custom: 59372
ms.assetid: b4a67c00-0b6f-4d47-ad9c-c3d1d20115c1
# ms.region: 
# ms.industry: 
ms.author: twheeloc

---

# Close Accounts receivable

The following table lists the pages that support the close Accounts receivable business process. **Note:** To open some of the pages in the table, you must enter information or specify parameter settings.

Business process component task

Page name

Usage

Close periods in the general ledger

Batch job

View or create batch jobs. Batch jobs might not be completed, and you want make sure that all posting is completed.

Confirm sales order

Update sales orders.

Foreign currency revaluation

Generate transactions that update the value of open customer transactions in foreign currencies.

Journal

Post invoices, payments, and promissory notes.

Journal voucher

-   **Payment journal** – Generate, process, and post payments.
-   **Draw bill of exchange journal** – Post bills of exchange.
-   **Protest bill of exchange journal** – Post protested bills of exchange.
-   **Redraw bill of exchange journal** – Post redrawn bills of exchange.
-   **Remittance journal** – Post remittances.
-   **Settle bill of exchange journal** – Post settled bills of exchange.

Packing slip posting

Update packing slips for sales orders.

Post free text invoice

Post free text invoices.

Posting invoice

Post invoices for sales orders.

Posting picking list

Update picking lists for sales orders.

Create and submit the EU sales list

EU sales list

Report on European Union (EU) sales to the tax authority for value-added tax (VAT) declaration purposes.

