--- 
# required metadata 
 
title: ER Configure destinations
description: This procedure demonstrates how to set up and use different destinations for Electronic reporting (ER) output components, such as a folder or a file. The demo data company used to create this procedure is DEMF. Germany is the country\region of the legal entity’s primary address, however you can use any legal entity for this procedure. The format used in this example is ISO20022 Credit transfer (DE), but you can use any format that you have already imported. Note that this procedure is an example of a single file and destination setup. More information about Electronic reporting destination management can be found in the Dynamics AX Help Wiki. 
author: TonyaFehr 
manager: AnnBe 
ms.date: 06/09/2016
ms.topic: business-process 
ms.prod:  
ms.service: dynamics-ax-applications 
ms.technology:  
 
# optional metadata 
 
# ms.search.form:   
audience: Application User 
# ms.devlang:  
# ms.reviewer: tfehr 
ms.search.scope: Operations 
# ms.tgt_pltfrm:  
# ms.custom:  
ms.search.region: Germany
# ms.search.industry: 
ms.author: tfehr 
ms.search.validFrom: 2016-06-30 
ms.dyn365.ops.version: Version 7.0.0 
---

# ER Configure destinations

This procedure demonstrates how to set up and use different destinations for Electronic reporting (ER) output components, such as a folder or a file. The demo data company used to create this procedure is DEMF. Germany is the country\region of the legal entity’s primary address, however you can use any legal entity for this procedure. The format used in this example is ISO20022 Credit transfer (DE), but you can use any format that you have already imported. Note that this procedure is an example of a single file and destination setup. More information about Electronic reporting destination management can be found in the Dynamics AX Help Wiki.

1. Go to Organization administration > Electronic reporting > Electronic reporting destination.
2. Click New to create a new set of destinations for a format.
3. In the Reference field, select a format for which you want to configure destinations.
    * If you don't have a value to select, it means that you have not imported any Electronic reporting format configurations. You must import a format configuration before setting up destinations.
4. Click New to create a new File destination.
    * Note that you can create one File destination for each output component of the same format, such as a folder or a file. You will be able to enable and disable destinations separately in the settings.
5. In the Name field, enter the user friendly name of output component.
    * We recommend that you use meaningful names, such as "Payment file" or "Control report". These names will be presented to users at configuration runtime along with the destination settings.
6. In the File name, select a file or folder that is specific to the format.
7. Click Settings.
8. Select Yes in the Enabled field.
    * The Enabled check box on each tab enables and disables each destination separately. In this example, you'll enable sending an output file to a mail recipient when the file is generated.
9. In the To field, type an email address of the recipient.
10. In the Subject field, type a value.
11. Click OK.
12. In the Email source type field, select an option.
    * You can select a Customer or Vendor email source type. 

This indicates the type of argument that will be retuned by the Email source formula. The Email source formula, described in a following step, is where you will bind an email source. 

Select Customer if your formula will return a customer account. Select Vendor if your formula will return a vendor account. Use Vendor if you are using the ISO 20022 Credit Transfer configuration example.
13. Click Bind email source.
14. In the Formula, enter a document-specific reference to a customer or vendor party type.
    * Instead of typing, you can find a data source node that represents the customer or vendor account, and click the Add data source button to update the formula. 

Example: If you use the ISO 20022 Credit Transfer configuration, the node representing a vendor account is '$PaymentsForCoveringLetter'.Creditor.Identification.SourceID. Otherwise, enter any string value, such as "DE-001", to save a formula.
15. Click Save.
16. Close the page.
17. Click Save.

