---
# required metadata

title: System diagnostics (Lifecycle Services) (AX 2012) | Microsoft Docs
description: 
author: annbe
manager: AnnBe
ms.date: 2015-12-05 23:26:56
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: 
ms.service: Lifecycle Services
ms.technology: 

# optional metadata

# keywords: 
# ROBOTS: 
audience: Developer, IT Pro
# ms.devlang: 
# ms.reviewer: 
ms.suite: AX 2012
# ms.tgt_pltfrm: 
ms.custom: 19041
ms.assetid: 4f88a0aa-e774-4cfe-8828-3662a4e9e25f
# ms.region: 
# ms.industry: 
ms.author: kfend

---

# System diagnostics (Lifecycle Services) (AX 2012)

In Microsoft Dynamics Lifecycle Services, you can use System diagnostics to monitor your Microsoft Dynamics AX environments. This topic describes the data that you can see after you install the local service component of System diagnostics and discovered one or more Microsoft Dynamics AX environments. For more information about installing the local service component, see [Install and run System diagnostics (Lifecycle Services)](http://ax.help.dynamics.com/en/wiki/install-and-run-system-diagnostics-lifecycle-services/).

## Open System diagnostics
1.  [Go to Lifecycle Services](https://lcs.dynamics.com).
2.  Open a project for which you have installed local service component of System diagnostics and discovered one or more Microsoft Dynamics AX environments.
3.  Click the System diagnostics tile.All data displayed on the dashboard is based on the last run of the local service component.

## Dashboard
The dashboard provides a visual indication of the number of hosts (servers running AOS instances or database servers) in the selected environment that encountered errors when running rules, and displays the last 5 messages. It also indicates whether any collector jobs encountered errors while running.

## Messages
The Messages page displays the errors and warnings about rules conditions that were detected by System diagnostics after the last set of data collector jobs were run. When you select a rule, you can see details about the rule and the condition that triggered it at the bottom of the page. Using filters, you can choose to display failed rules, passed rules, ignored rules, or all rules. You can choose rules to ignore by clicking Ignore rule. To show an ignored rule again, in the Show filter, select Rule ignored, select the rule, and click Show rule.

## Environments
The Environments page displays a list of the environments that were discovered by System diagnostics. Each environment tile indicates the time that the last data collector job was run, and whether any rule violations were encountered.

## Jobs
The Jobs page lists the status of the collections jobs, and the servers that they ran on.

## Collectors
The Collectors page enables you to view the diagnostic data most recently collected from your Microsoft Dynamics AX environment. You can browse or search to find a specific collector.

## Report
The Report page provides detailed information about the environment, as well as any issues that were detected. You can right-click the Report page to export the report to an HTML file.

## Admin
The Admin page is used to manage certificates and to download the on-premises installer.



