---
title: Project quotations
description: This article introduces the concept of project quotations, which you can use to make an attractive offer to a customer as the first step of the project phase. A project quotation might include the items and services that are quoted, basic contact information, special trade agreements and discounts, and possible taxes and surcharges.
author: twheeloc
manager: AnnBe
ms.date: 04/04/2017
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: 
ms.service: dynamics-ax-applications
ms.technology: 
ms.search.form: SalesQuotationProjTable
audience: Application User, IT Pro
ms.reviewer: twheeloc
ms.search.scope: AX 7.0.0, Operations, Core
ms.custom: 23621
ms.assetid: 1ba67109-8c5b-4ada-b730-a72cd46203fd
ms.search.region: Global
ms.author: kfend
ms.search.validFrom: 2016-02-28
ms.dyn365.ops.version: AX 7.0.0
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: d421b161216d700f7819f1da8c0ca8ad089b5670
ms.openlocfilehash: 2328d4b7fd7715f0ce086e04e56a6ddff409d50d
ms.contentlocale: da-dk
ms.lasthandoff: 06/01/2017


---

# <a name="project-quotations"></a>Project quotations

[!include[banner](../includes/banner.md)]


This article introduces the concept of project quotations, which you can use to make an attractive offer to a customer as the first step of the project phase. A project quotation might include the items and services that are quoted, basic contact information, special trade agreements and discounts, and possible taxes and surcharges. 

The ability to monitor, review, and control the pipeline of project quotations and orders is an important part of project management. Various tools in Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Operations can help with these tasks. For example, correct reference data definitions (quotation types, quotation origin, and prognosis and probability) help you analyze the pipeline. You can use these tools to categorize the reasons why a project quotation was won or lost, and to determine the potential value of a quotation. 

In a project quotation, you enter the services, basic contact information, special trade agreements and discounts, and estimated taxes and surcharges for a project. You can also select the activities or tasks for a project, and create a hierarchy of tasks and subtasks. For each activity, you can enter details about the timing and duration of the activity, and about the skills and experience that are required for workers who perform the activity. 

The project quotation is a non-binding estimate of the work that must be performed. However, when the information in the quotation is copied to a project that is associated with a project contract, that information becomes part of a binding agreement between two parties. 

If the customer approves the project quotation, you can copy the information in the project quotation to a project. You can also copy the project quotation information to a project forecast at the same time.




